hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be meeting up with my best friend
Natasha and we are going to be going on
a huge University home workshop
basically getting everything that you
need for a first year university room
okay so today's video is actually
sponsored by Google which is just
unbelievable I can't actually believe
that I'm working with them on this video
basically I'm partnering up with them to
talk to you a bit about their new Google
pixel 3 a phone now I'm going to be
telling you all about the features of
this phone later on in the video but the
thing that I really wanted to make a
point of to you now is that this phone
actually costs 399 pounds which is
considerably less than competitive smart
phones so in this video Natasha and I
are going to be using the same budget of
399 pounds to buy everything that you
need for your first year university room
and one last thing we will be giving
away one of the Google pixel 3 A's so
stay tuned for later in the video to
find out details on how to win one of
these phones
[Music]
so we've actually already made a
shopping list of things you want to get
but we have a few bits which we forgot
to add to my list which we're gonna add
to a list using a Google assistant now
okay
add Brookes University shell thickness
[Music]
alright
I added rugs we're here in shop number
one Amy's just getting to grips with the
phone first because Amy's filming we're
gonna get set up on the phone
Saturday news here we gonna add anything
different and it means that your phone
doesn't pull out of your hand when you
try to do the fingerprint Ami's
fingerprint is in and I think they're
ready to get going are we ready
[Music]
the question you need one of these
so one of the really really great things
about the Google pixel 3a is that there
is actually unlimited storage so you
don't have to worry about taking the
photos and over the two days that
Natasha Moira shopping we did take a lot
of photos so this is a really good job
[Music]
okay so we're in the blast bisection the
moment I think that will give you an
update so this is ever hatred box a pawn
so just edged with kitchenware
[Music]
[Applause]
I should
peace
[Music]
so we're gonna use the calculator to
basically just add up prices of
everybody but so far we've been making a
note of how much everything's past
[Music]
fine
just to point out all of the clips that
you see in this video were shot on the
Google pixel 3a and I am amazed by the
quality of this footage so we used both
the normal just filming feature but we
also decided to use the time-lapse
feature which was really great and the
thing I really loved about it is that
you can customize the speed at which the
time-lapse records
[Music]
such a fine
so one of the really cool features of
the camera on the Google pixel 3a is if
you click on more and then you click on
let ins
you can take a photo of any item and it
will basically start to Google to find
this item so if I think of it rid of
this book for example and then you can
say you can see that it kind of comes up
with the Google search of this book so
you can learn more about the book you
can see you know details about it it's
such a cool feature and I keep on like
snapping pictures of random things just
to see if it will work
okay so now welcome to day 2 we are here
at a different shopping location and we
have taken a first quick stop at class
because natasha is looking for some what
they could hungee hungee areas hugging
earrings these Huggies Huggies so we're
here in class and we are going to have
two Wilkos to go and get some more
important who were stuffing University
[Music]
these are definitely an essential
University sustainability very important
only to hood and we just get all the
fairy lights here as well tell us how
she's getting stars and then they've got
normal ones down the ropes in I don't
say all these ones crazy ones
this is the stuff for the university
room and this is stuff which we're
buying one thing I want to quickly point
out to you is that over the two days
that Natasha and I were doing this
shopping trip we didn't have to charge
the phone once the battery life on the
Google pixel 3a is honestly amazing
it lasts for such a long time and when
you actually do charge it you're
actually able to do a 15 minute charge
to get seven hours of battery which
honestly is just incredible we've got
one of these ones Center fuses it
actually has a train to catch
literally which was meant to leavin it
was meant to leave in like four minutes
but we're quite a while away from the
station so gonna get the next train
Tosh's literally have got a medical
theme in her room how much is it four
pounds I think that one's nicer
okay we're gonna get one of these
mirrors to you these ones on one pump at
D which one do you think I like yellow
just point out I actually cannot get
over how good the quality is on this
phone I can't believe that that's a
phone camera so we're now back from
shopping day two and we got everything
that we needed basically we couldn't
find a peeler which was metallic in the
same style as the Karin opener
and we couldn't find a good frying pan
that again fitted the aesthetic of what
Natasha's going for but I love how
coordinated everything was that she
bought so thank you so much for watching
this video it was so much fun to film I
had such an incredible time with Natasha
I just want to say another huge huge
thank you to Google for sponsoring
today's video I've been using this phone
for the last couple weeks and I really
do love it I'm not just saying that the
number one thing I love about this phone
is the camera quality because it feels
like you're filming on a
professional-grade camera especially in
low light which even my like normal
camera doesn't always do so well and if
you're interested to learn more about
the Google pixel 3a then there is a link
for purchase in the description box
another thing which is really really
exciting is that Google is actually
going to be giving away one of the
Google pixel three A's basically if you
want to be in for a chance of winning
this phone all you've got to do is leave
a comment down below telling me what
makes you most excited for the academic
year to come personally for me it's the
fact that going into second year I'm
going to be learning things which are
kind of not so much groundworks I think
first year is more groundwork based and
I'm really looking forward to delving
deeper into the subjects that I'm
studying so yeah really excited for that
but let me know in the comments what you
were most excited about and thank you so
much again to you for sponsoring today's
video thank you for watching and I hope
that you have a productive week
[Music]